Welcome to the vibrant world of sports at Shiv Nadar
Institution of eminence, where every corner of our campus
is teeming with opportunities for athletic pursuits,
camaraderie and personal growth.
The Indoor sports complex has state of the art
NDTV 2017 award winning design architecture
with 120,000 area with
air conditioned central hall. As you step
into our reception area, youll be greeted by the energy and enthusiasm
that defines our sporting community. Moving forward,
youll come across our awards display showcasing
the achievements and accolades of our talented athletes.
Nearby, our pool, chess and carom arena offer
a space for relaxation and friendly competition,
fostering bonds among students beyond the field of play.
But the heart of our sports facilities lies in our multi
purpose hall equipped with four badminton terra
flex courts, two basketball wooden courts
and six table tennis tables. Here,
students can engage in a variety of indoor sports,
honing their skills and enjoying spirited matches with their peers.
Bleachers encircle the area surrounding the courts, providing comfortable
seating for spectators. Adjacent to the multipurpose
hall, you'll find our equipment storage area, which allows students to
easily access and issue sporting gear.
Nearby, we have office space for our dedicated coaches
who provide guidance, support and expertise to our athletes.
For those seeking balance and tranquility, our yoga room
offers a serene retreat where students can find inner peace
and focus. Ascending to the first floor,
our gym is equipped with state of the art fitness equipment
and amenities. Here, students can engage
in strength training, cardio workouts and personalized
fitness routines tailored to their individual goals.
Further along, as you continue your exploration, you'll discover
our squash area boasting four well maintained
courts, beckoning students and enthusiasts alike
to step onto the polished surface and engage in exhilarating
matches. Nearby, our 200 meters long indoor
running track provides a space for students to jog,
sprint or simply enjoy a leisurely stroll regardless
of the weather outside. And for those interested in martial
arts, our dedicated martial arts room offers a space for
training, practice and self improvement under the guidance
of experienced instructors.
That concludes our tour of the indoor sports facilities at Shivnadar
IoE. Thank you.